what's up fit fam Michael here it's
Sunday night I hope you had a crazy good
weekend and you're getting into that
Monday mindset I've been getting a ton
of questions and requests regarding
bicep routines via Twitter and so I
decided that I would put this video up
so that you guys had something to work
with going into the week this routine is
actually going to be a total of eight
super sets and you're gonna do them all
until failure with about 60 to 90
seconds in between and so the whole
routine is probably anywhere from 25 to
30 minutes depending on depending on
where you're at in terms of fitness so
what I want to cover first is I want to
make sure that you know you're gonna
need two sets of dumbbells you're gonna
need a heavier set and then a lighter
set usually five to ten pounds in
between is is good I'm gonna use the 725
in the set of 20s and they will say that
you don't need a lot of weight we are
going to focus on our form and it's
important that we engage our mind muscle
link so we're going to be thinking about
our biceps as we work them and we're
gonna be thinking about them both on the
concentric phase on the way up and the
eccentric phase on the way down very
very important especially when you're
training biceps we've got to isolate
we've got to isolate the muscle in order
to maximize and be efficient with it so
I'm gonna grab a twenty five I'm going
to take you through the two super sets
and then you're on your own all right so
you want to get out an incline bench and
so keep your arms straight you want to
make sure that the biceps is doing is
doing all the work here and so you're
gonna bring it up bring it up squeeze at
the top and then as you come down you're
gonna come down slow as well you're
gonna stop about here you want to make
sure that the bicep is contracted while
the other one is working so you're here
here squeeze really squeeze really focus
on that mind-muscle link that worked
that bicep and you're going to do these
until you fail until you can't do them
anymore so just like that like that then
from there you're going to go into the
second exercise of the first superset
which is my favorite you're gonna go
without rest and so grab you set the
dumbbells and what you're gonna do is
you're gonna rush to your chest on the
bench and I like to put my chin up top
here like
and then if you let your arms hang again
your biceps need to do all the work so
get loose here you know let your arms
hang and you come up and you squeeze
here pull one 1000 squeeze so you're all
taking again you're doing hammer curls
so squeeze squeeze and this exercise is
probably one of my favorites I don't see
a whole lot of people doing them and
you're just squeezing the isolation is
great as your arm just hangs and it's
just squeeze and you're doing that until
failure so you're gonna do four sets of
that you're gonna rest 60 to 90 seconds
in between each of those four sets and
then you're going to go into the second
superset I'm gonna show you what that
looks like
so grab your first set of dumbbells your
heavier dumbbells and if you want to do
this is going to be a concentration curl
or an isolation curl you can use a
preacher if you have a preacher you can
use your knee if you need to I just use
the bench here so you're gonna do one at
a time here and again really engage that
mind-muscle link so you're going down
slow on the East End trick side and then
concentric Li bring it up and squeeze at
the top
all right you don't know what you don't
ever go all the way down like that
you're going to go just to about here to
keep that keep that bicep working and
contracting there and again you're gonna
do eat it till failure squeeze squeeze
and then I wish to go to the other hand
and do the same amount and then from
there you're going to grab your other
set of dumbbells and you're going to do
the same thing we just did except
instead of hammer curls you're going to
do regular curls and I think these you
just feel them grow I mean you feel hell
it's almost like you feel them grow as
you're working out it's such a it's such
an isolation moving then that tense move
that you know you're just you're really
maximizing you're maximizing the
efficiency of the workout with these so
you're here and you're just squeezing
hold one one-thousand squeeze squeeze
let that bicep do the work just like
that and at the end when you can't do
anymore what I want you to do is I want
you to bring them both up and I want you
to hold them here until you can't hold
him anymore on scissors until you gotta
Joe I'm right here just the longer you
hold them the more your body's gonna
burn the more the lactic acid is gonna
build up in the biceps and it's just oh
just kill it right there hold it for as
long as you can do that that is 2% four
times again 60 to 90 seconds in between
each of the the sex and again total
eight sets and you're just you're going
all out making sure that that form is
just crazy just crazy isolated create
that mind-muscle inc as I said and with
those exercises and that routine you
should you should be sore tomorrow
that's for sure
so I hope I hope you enjoyed the video I
hope you enjoyed the exercises please
please please let me know what you think
in the comments below I'd love to hear
from you and I'd love to know what you
think so with that I'll close and have a
great week and as you know let's get fit
together